A little protection goes a long way.
Good luck not getting shot!
If you need more protection, you know where to find me.
My friend, survival is paramount!
If you're looking to survive, you came to the right place.
Pragmatic. Stylish. I love it.
Look who's ready for a 2 a.m. METRO RIDE!
Stay safe out there!
That's gonna help keep your blood on the inside.
Someone's gonna be bleedin' on the concrete, and it ain't gonna be you.
Stay two steps ahead of death, my friend!
You'll be the last one standing.
Ha! The old New York tuxedo!
Swing by anytime!
Come back if you need anything else!
Someone's usin' their noodle.
Welcome to my shop of curiosity!
And what can I do for you?
Looky what I got here!
These are dangerous times. You don't want to be unprepared.
How may I be of service?
You got souls to trade, right?
If you're looking for the remarkable, you've come to the right place.
Such delights I can sell you!
Welcome, welcome!
Allow me to pique your curiosity.
What are you looking for? Guns? Trinkets? Tickets to South Pacific?
What are you looking for? Guns? Trinkets? Tickets to the South Pacific?
Curios don't do justice to the wonders I sell.
I'm sure you'll see something here you like.
Welcome to New York, need a gun?
The Curiosity Shop is open for business!
From the mundane to the spectacular, the Curiosity Shop has what you need.
Stay strong, buddy!
Good luck!
An excellent choice!
Tell you what, I'll throw in a free keychain.
Well, someone's lookin' to make a statement.
Your enemies will curse your name!
I got one of those for the missus. Big fan.
Little bit of advice, don't get caught.
We live in interesting times, don't we?
Have fun! Don't get dead!
Hope you win whatever fight you're about to start!
You wanna buy a mug to go with your gun?
I got more where that came from!
Today you're making history!
It's brutal out there, huh?
If you like that, I got some other stuff that fell off the truck.
Ah, you have discerning taste.
Don't mind the blood on that, it's gently used.
Exquisite, isn't it?
Bought that off a Knickerbocker that was about to get his legs broken.
You're not gonna regret that.
I won't lie, I don't know what that does, but my kid says all the mystics are buying it.
Now, I don't go selling these to just anyone.
Now go out there and impose your will!
You have a good eye.
I see someone appreciates fine craftsmanship.
Good luck completing the ritual!
A little bit of the Divine right here in your hot little hands.
Here's your chance to shape your destiny.
You got expensive taste. I love it.